**Project Step 2 - Need Statement**

	We have directly hired you for your cabablities of being able to construct a Mediation Appication that we seek to give to customers.  The applications main focus will be on increasing the mental sbaility and well being of the users.  This is needed in order to give the user a more consistent and procedural routine to their meditative practice.  We here are all very passionate about bringing this idea to fruition because we feel it will take society a small step closer to having healthier and happier lives.
	The intended users for this app can greatly vary.  This can be a guide and starting point for people who are just getting into mmeditation, as well as the highly experienced master, who is simply seeking a llittle mroe order and accountability.  Age can vary from children into the elderly, but a primary focus on the age range of 18-40 years old.
	Features that we want to see incorporated into the app include a schedule, a timer, advice, and goals.  The schedule will be used to put in place specific times for the user to dedicate time to meditation. We also want it to have a timer, so that how long they meditated for can be recorded so that they can see development in their ability to maintain focus for longer.  Also to be included will be a category of wisdom and reflections from well respected meditation masters from all over the world over different time periods. This will also give explanations as to some of the core principles of eastern philosophy. We look forward to you fulfilling our needs and making a positive impact on numerous peoples lives.